well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we're going to do a little update
today on paulden county schools
the schools there in paulding county
georgia
and then we're going to talk about what
you might be able to do
to help um in in the nationwide
issue that we're facing right now okay
so to catch you up if you don't know the
saga in paulden county
the school's reopened in person some
students there
documented the reopening photos
kept tallies of the numbers of students
who were wearing masks
stuff like that they put it online
the documentation that was produced
certainly seemed
to show that the school was let's just
say less than compliant
with what we would consider to be best
practices giving
given everything that's going on right
now um
in response these schools suspended the
students
after the school board found out what
social media was and there was a little
bit of public involvement
they were sending the suspensions
when we did that video initially we're
like hey this is what's going to happen
not because we have a crystal ball but
because we actually listen to the
experts
okay this was not that long ago
and since then channel 2 investigative
reporter nicole
carr got a copy of a letter
and six students and three staff members
who were in the school last week have
tested positive these numbers will go up
they're already going to go up right now
they're going to go up a lot if
practices don't change
to add to this it's been reported
that during a school board discussion
the
the board was being informed about how
uh
how public health would like to be
notified and basically they were told
that
if students were within six feet of each
other for 15 minutes
then they would need to know if one of
those
students came up positive one of the
suggestions
reportedly floated by the school board
was to move students around every 14
minutes
i i don't know if they don't understand
that it can be transmitted in
less than 14 minutes or
they were actively trying to subvert
public health officials
or maybe there's a third option i don't
know what it is
either way i would suggest playing
musical chairs in the middle of this
is probably a really bad idea because if
you have a student
that's positive and you move them to
another desk
another student will go sit in their
desk
that's probably a bad idea
you know again layman looking at this
i would also suggest that moving
students around every 14 minutes
does not lend well to an educational
environment
there's probably going to be some some
time lost
and the whole idea is to get back to
education right that's why we have to
do this it's why we have to take all
these risks it's not really
about putting kids at risk just to
reopen the economy
that would be horrible that would be
something we would never do in this
country
because we're not monsters right
okay again that's the way it appeared to
me
um i've got clips of footage on my
twitter if you want to look at it you
can
determine for yourself
okay so what can you do to help
if you've had this and you've recovered
you fully recovered
this is this is anecdotal okay this is
me talking to medical professionals
go give plasma according to
100 of the people i've talked to now
granted
it's not a study this is anecdotal this
stuff is magic
it works when other stuff won't um
but there's not a lot of it so if you've
if if you were positive
and you recovered go give plasma
because they take it they use the
antibodies in it and they they create
this treatment
and it is apparently pretty effective
again
anecdotally i'll
try to find a list of places that you
can donate because i've i've seen in the
comments section there are quite a few
people
who've had this it can save a life
so if you have the ability if you got
the means you got the responsibility
right
okay so there's your little uh
sunday update at the end of the day here
we need to remember
we're not getting leadership from the
federal level in a lot of states we're
not getting it from the state level in
some places we're not getting it at the
county level
we're gonna have to do it ourselves
we're gonna have to listen to the
medical experts
we're we're gonna have to act because
they're not going to
we have ineffective leadership right now
anyway it's just the thought y'all have
a good day